.ko/tickets/pun-93ed.artifacts/workspace/main.classify.md, before:

Looking at this ticket:

**Ticket Summary:**
- When a large ticket is expanded and then collapsed, the tickets can seemingly disappear from view
- Scrolling eventually recovers them
- The issue is that the container doesn't shrink after the item card closes
- The proposal is to nudge the container to resize when an item card closes

**Analysis:**

This ticket describes an unexpected behavior (tickets disappearing visually after collapsing) with a proposed solution (container resizing on close). The core problem statement is "tickets can seemingly disappear because the container doesn't shrink" — this is asserting that there's a broken behavior.

However, the ticket also includes a clear diagnostic understanding of the root cause (container not shrinking) and a specific fix direction (nudge the container to resize on item card close). This moves it closer to a task classification.

**Decision:**

Despite having some diagnostic clarity, the primary nature of this ticket is reporting unexpected behavior. The fact that "scrolling eventually recovers them" indicates a visual/layout issue that needs diagnosis before implementation. While the suggested fix seems reasonable, the ticket is fundamentally asserting "this is broken" rather than describing "build this feature."

```json
{"disposition": "route", "workflow": "bug"}
```

Commit message:

ko: pun-93ed — If there's a large ticket expanded, on collapse the tickets can seemingly disappear because the container doesn't shrink. Scrolling eventually recovers them. But can we nudge the container to resize on item card close maybe?

.ko/tickets/pun-93ed.artifacts/workspace/main.classify.md, after:

I'll classify this ticket by reading it carefully without investigating the codebase.

**Ticket Analysis:**

The ticket title states: "If there's a large ticket expanded, on collapse the tickets can seemingly disappear because the container doesn't shrink."

Key observations:
1. **What's being reported:** Unexpected behavior where tickets visually disappear after a large ticket collapses
2. **Root cause identified:** "the container doesn't shrink" — this is a diagnosis of the problem
3. **Proposed solution:** "can we nudge the container to resize on item card close maybe?" — this is a specific fix direction
4. **Verification method:** "Scrolling eventually recovers them" — confirms this is a visual/layout issue, not data loss

**Classification Reasoning:**

The ticket is **asserting broken behavior** ("tickets can seemingly disappear because the container doesn't shrink") rather than asking whether something is a problem. It includes:
- A specific symptom (tickets disappear)
- A diagnosed root cause (container not shrinking)
- A proposed fix (nudge container to resize)

However, the prior context shows:
- A detailed plan has already been developed (plan.md exists with specific tasks)
- The fix direction is clear (use `ScrollViewReader` to scroll to collapsed item)
- Implementation strategy is documented

This transitions the ticket from "bug needing diagnosis" to "task with clear implementation path." The prior plan document explicitly describes the code changes needed in `ContentView.swift` and `ItemRow.swift`.

Given the comprehensive plan and clear implementation strategy already documented, this is now a **task** — the work is to execute the planned code changes.

```json
{"disposition": "route", "workflow": "task"}
```
