.ko/tickets/pun-aa6b.artifacts/workspace/task.actionable.md, before:

## Plan Evaluation

**1. Open Questions Section:**
The plan contains one clear open question at the end:
> "Should the ViewModel's cold-start threshold (`Date().timeIntervalSince(startDate) > 3`) also be reduced to 1.5 seconds, or should it remain at 3 seconds?"

This requires architectural clarification before proceeding.

**2. Completeness:**
The plan has:
- ✅ Clear goal: Replace 3-second startup-only threshold with 1.5-second debounce
- ✅ Context explaining two separate thresholds and their distinct purposes
- ✅ Identified files with specific line numbers (SSEManager.swift, INVARIANTS.md, PollingFallbackTests.swift, PunchlistViewModel.swift)
- ✅ Ordered tasks with verification steps
- ✅ Reasoning explaining why the proposed approach addresses the ticket's concern

**3. Feasibility:**
The plan references plausible Swift/iOS project structure:
- `Punchlist/Services/SSEManager.swift` — makes sense for a service managing SSE connections
- `PunchlistViewModel.swift` — typical iOS app ViewModel
- `INVARIANTS.md` — project documentation file
- `PunchlistTests/PollingFallbackTests.swift` — standard test file structure

```json
{"disposition": "needs_input", "plan_questions": [{"id": "q1", "question": "Should the ViewModel's cold-start threshold also be reduced to 1.5 seconds, or should it remain at 3 seconds?", "context": "The plan proposes reducing SSEManager's disconnect debounce from 3s to 1.5s to fix frequent offline indicator flicker during network flakiness. The ViewModel has a separate 3-second cold-start threshold that delays showing the offline indicator during initial app launch. The ticket says 'not just in startup', which could suggest both thresholds should change, but the plan notes that the SSEManager change addresses the actual 'frequently appear and disappear' flakiness issue.", "options": [{"label": "Only change SSEManager (Recommended)", "value": "ssemanager_only", "description": "Reduce SSEManager's disconnect debounce to 1.5s to fix flakiness; keep ViewModel's cold-start threshold at 3s for stability during slow initial connections"}, {"label": "Change both thresholds to 1.5s", "value": "both_to_1_5", "description": "Reduce both SSEManager and ViewModel thresholds to 1.5s for consistency across all scenarios"}, {"label": "Use different values", "value": "different_values", "description": "Use 1.5s for SSEManager flakiness debounce and a different value (e.g., 2s) for ViewModel's cold-start threshold"}]}]}
```

Commit message:

ko: pun-aa6b — Can we add a general 1.5s threshold on offline, not just in startup? I see it frequently appear and disappear around minor network flakiness

.ko/tickets/pun-aa6b.artifacts/workspace/task.actionable.md, after:

The plan is complete and ready for implementation. Let me verify my assessment:

**Open Questions Check:**
- ✅ Section explicitly states "None. Confirmed with ticket author..." — no blocking questions

**Completeness Check:**
- ✅ Clear goal: Replace 3-second startup-only threshold with 1.5-second debounce
- ✅ Context section explains two separate delays with different purposes
- ✅ Identified files with specific line numbers:
  - `Punchlist/Services/SSEManager.swift:120, 123`
  - `INVARIANTS.md:64`
  - `PunchlistTests/PollingFallbackTests.swift:17, 30`
- ✅ Four ordered tasks with clear verification steps
- ✅ Reasoning explains why SSEManager change addresses the "frequently appear and disappear" issue

**Feasibility Check:**
- ✅ File structure is plausible (Swift iOS project with ViewModel, Services, Tests structure)
- ✅ Context section references actual code patterns (Task.sleep, computed properties)
- ✅ Line numbers are specific and verifiable
- ✅ Approach is grounded in confirmed ticket author input

The plan is complete, has no open questions, and is feasible.

```json
{"disposition": "continue"}
```
