.ko/tickets/pun-07b1.artifacts/workspace/task.actionable.md, before:

## Evaluation

The plan is **complete and actionable**. Here's my assessment:

**Goal:** Clear — make hold bar behavior conditional on blocked status and question presence.

**Context:** Well-documented with specific file locations and line numbers for reference points (ItemRow.swift lines 175-230, ContentView line 194, PunchlistViewModel lines 209-233).

**Approach:** Well-reasoned — the plan identifies the conditional logic needed and the callback pattern to implement it.

**Tasks:** 7 tasks with:
- Clear file locations and context (e.g., `[Punchlist/Views/ItemRow.swift:holdToCloseBar]`)
- Specific line references where available
- Concrete verification steps for each task
- Logical ordering: define new callbacks (tasks 1-2), wire them in ContentView (task 3), implement supporting methods in ViewModel (tasks 4-5), update callbacks to use new methods (task 6), add tests (task 7)

**Open Questions:** None declared, and appropriately so — the ticket requirements are explicit (no questions → open, questions → close) and the implementation path is straightforward.

**Feasibility check:** File references appear plausible for an iOS Swift project with standard architecture (Views, ViewModels, API calls).

The plan is detailed enough to execute without additional design decisions.

```json
{"disposition": "continue"}
```

Commit message:

ko: pun-07b1 — Let's make the hold bar action on blocked ticket behave differently: if there are no open questions, it should _open_ the ticket (assumption is it failed or we held on it, now we're ready to make it actionable again). If there _are_ open questions, then hold should still close the ticket (if we wanted to make it actionable, we could have answered the questions)

.ko/tickets/pun-07b1.artifacts/workspace/task.actionable.md, after:

Evaluating the plan:

1. **Open Questions section**: The plan explicitly states "None" — there are no open questions requiring human input. ✓

2. **Completeness**: The plan has all required sections:
   - Clear goal (make hold bar context-aware)
   - Context section with file locations and existing patterns
   - Approach with high-level strategy
   - 5 specific, ordered tasks with clear file locations and verification steps
   - All tasks include both what to do and how to verify ✓

3. **Feasibility**: The plan references realistic patterns:
   - ItemRow callbacks (`onToggle` pattern already exists)
   - PunchlistViewModel methods following existing patterns (`toggleItem`, `bumpItem`)
   - KoAPI methods that already exist (`openItem`, `closeItem`)
   - ContentView initialization with callbacks
   - The context section provides specific line numbers and existing state (isBlocked, questions) ✓

The plan is complete, well-structured, has no open questions, and all references appear feasible based on the context provided.

```json
{"disposition": "continue"}
```
